hello there we are in
typical brazilian stores sporpita
look carefully at the price of a pair
glutamine otherwise 329 realia to understand
how much is in rubles
need to multiply the prices listed on the products
15 and get the price in rubles
next looks amino acid carnivor
excuse max 149 real here this in my
protein from nsp 349 realities and here's another
We look in Russia I also saw it not
I tried because two and a half years
already exclusively spent the product
Reasons for use but saw stores
match no 269 realities here 370 here times
glasses
one more product known further we look
Here is a super popular animal pack in Russia
290 realities do not forget to multiply by 15
to understand how much it is in rubles and here
it's in my opinion
Pretraining how much it costs now
we'll see
predstrenik such 208 dreamed together 83
what protein is brazilian true
show us russian brazilian
look watching friends.
dst bh protein im section 900 900 grams
two hundred forty realities be caliph legrand
we play with surcharge
he is a warrior I'm tariff ramzan protein
out so do not offend de-energized
brazil start
Here is a special section of another
here's another case
380 row attention
while the number of his bank well as anyone
took a kilo of 420 grams to a kilogram
best protein anyway polish track
I will write Bernard thank you very much everyone
hello especially for the rocking drum
vladimir kravtsov from brazil